The more you hate me,the more you love me.
More and more people want to go to UK.
What one thinks and feels is mainly due to tradition,habit and education.
The truth is that nobody knows who invented eyeglasses.
The President is determined to resist what he regards as blackmail by the terrorists.
The new book is about how the manned spaceship was sent up into space.
We are fully convinced that John was the winner of the speech contest.
An electromagnet is a device whose magnetism is produced by an electric magnet.
Where I live there are plenty of sheep.
We were up early the next morning, as we wanted to be in Oxford by the afternoon.
I am punishing the child lest he should make the same mistake.
She spoke so fast that nobody could catch what she was saying.
Providing that there is no opposition, we shall hold the meeting here.
Although they have been talking for a long time, he cannot make her believe him.
He had no sooner arrived home than he was asked to start on another journey.
Comets are just as much members of the sun’s family as (are) the other planets.
Colored people are by no means inferior to white people.
His strength is superior to mine.
Living in this country, she would have lived a happy life.
There are as many people learning English in China as there are people in the United States.
The boy is so young that he can't go to school.
I wish I hadn’t bought such an expensive bag.
The wind was so strong that he could hardly move forward.
It is time we started.
I will remains firm though I must lower my physical sights.
Unless it rains,the game will be played.
If you fail in the exam,you will let him down.
You shouldn’t get angry just because some people speak ill of you.
I want you get out.
I was ill, but i wish I had attended my friend's birthday party last night.
You can feel the air moving as your hand pushes through it.
Mr. Ling is just the boy whom I want to see.
Fame and personal gain is what they’re after.
Give it to whoever you like.
He asked why he had to go alone.
What make the river more beautiful are the lotus plants growing in the water.
That he is still alive is a wonder. 
Some people are happy in proportion as they are noticed.
I was astonished that he should not answer such an easy question.
I consider it vital that he should think deeply before acting.