He was killed by the snowslide.
The telephone was invented by Bell in1876.
Electricity is used to run machines.
The desk is made of wood.
A new library will be built in this small town.
The students were told a funny story.
Water can be changed into ice.
He is told to do this job.
English is spoken by lots of people in the world.
Class meeting is held every Thursday.
The truth will be known by everyone.
Some pens were bought for his children by him.
He is believed by us.
The letter has been received by him.
Ten bridges had been built by them.
The foreign guests were given a warm welcome by the children.
He is regarded as brilliant by people.
This speech was delivered by comrade Wang.
A person who is truly honest is called a straight arrow.
Two people were killed and twelve were injured.
A note was passed up to the speaker.
John was elected president of the class instead of Harry.
Volcanoes are described as active, dormant or extinct.
The soldier was killed, but the train was saved.
He was thought to be clever but dishonest.
The first zoological garden in the United States was established in 1874.
Families were often broken up; wives were taken away from their husbands and children from their parents.
The information is urgently needed.
Most environmental problems exist because adequate measures for preventing them were not taken in the past.
English has been studied by us for 3 year sat the spare-time school.
100 tractors had been produced by the end of last year.
A power station has been set up in their home town.
We have been warned to be careful of rats by them.
Nuclear energy has been used to produce electricity by us.
He has never been beaten at tennis.
My shoes had been cleaned by somebody.
My car had been towed away. I asked why this had been done and told that...it had been parked under a "No Parking Sign".
By last December three ships had been built by them.
Several big modern power plants will be built in our city.
My second boy will be sent to school next September.
Such bricks will be made out of lead covering the "lead brick" with gold by swindlers.
You will be asked a lot of strange questions by them.
More space explorations will be made in the future by the Chinese people.
After a period of use, the batteries should be changed.
Usually, the electricity is on for 24 hours. But tomorrow it will be cut off in the day time.
More peaceful uses will be found for nuclear explosives in the future.
More hard work will be needed to make this wonder come true in a short time from now.
The machine will not be used again.
Will more gas be needed?
whether the new plan would be carried out ahead of time.
I did not say that the equipment would be changed.
My supervisor told me that a special tutorial would be given to me a few days ago.
I never thought that the information would be brought to me by him so early.
The main building of the Northeast Engineering Institute is being repaired by the workers.
This must be kept in mind.
The refrigerator can be put in that place.
The washing machine will not be used again.
More measures will be taken to prevent corrosion.
Our classroom is cleaned everyday.
I am asked to study hard by my mother.
Knives are used for cutting things.
The new shop was built last year.
Dinosaur eggs were laid long long ago.
This book has been translated into many languages.
Many man-made satellites have been sent up into space by many countries.
A new hospital will be built in our city.
Many more trees will be planted next year.
Young trees must be watered often.
Your mistakes should be corrected right now.
The door may be locked inside.
Your homework can be handed in tomorrow.
Uncle Wang is mending my bike now.
My bike is being repaired by Tom now.
They are planting trees over there.
Trees are being planted over there by them.
There are two books to be read.
There are twenty more trees to be planted.
The flowers are often watered every morning.
I am invited to the party.
He was blamed for his being late yesterday.
They were seen swimming in the sea. 
He will be sent there tomorrow.
The carrots will be eaten by the rabbits. 
This project will be finished in five years.
Children are going to be encouraged to take more exercise. 
The classroom is going to be cleaned after school. 
More trees will be planted and new roads will be built by the people of Beijing.
Ann wasn’t offered the job.
The old bridge was built many years ago.
He was elected chairman.
Your plan is considered to be the best.
The window was blown by wind.
The whole village has been washed away by the flood.
Once a promise is made, it shouldn’t be broken.
Mothers love their children and children are sure to love their mothers. 
The lecture will be made by Joe Smith, who is a young artist from the States.
The classroom is cleaned by the students every day. 学生们每天都打扫教室。
My bike was stolen last night.
When was the book introduced to China?
I thought thousands of people would be helped.
The machine was being repaired at this time yesterday.
The problem is being discussed now.
A bus is being pushed by the passengers.
Two hundred trees have been planted by now.
The book has been read many times by me.
Several soldiers have already been killed in the conflict. 
They said they had been invited to the party.
She found the house had been destroyed by the storm.
He had been tortured by the illness for many years before he died. 
