Bell invented the telephone in 1876.
He is interested in his job.
Everyone will know the truth soon.
He bought his children some pens.
We believe him.
He has received the letter.
They had built ten bridges.
The children gave the foreign guests a warm welcome.
People regard him as brilliant.
There was a serious train accident near the border.
We have studied English for 3 years at the spare-time school.
They had produced 100 tractors by the end of last year.
They have set up a power station in their home town.
They have warned us to be careful of rats.
We have used nuclear energy to produce electricity.
No one has ever beaten him at tennis.
Somebody had cleaned my shoes.
When I returned I found that they had towed my car away, I asked why they had done this and they told me that it was because I had parked it under a "No Parking Sign".
They had build three ships by last December.
We shall build several big modern power plants in our city.
I shall send my second boy to school next September.
In order to fool people cheaps and swindlers will make such bricks out of lead covering the "lead brick" with gold.
They will ask you a lot of strange questions.
The Chinese people will make more space explorations in the future.
A few days ago we were still not quite sure whether we should carry out the new plan ahead of time.
I did not say that we would change the equipment.
My supervisor told me that he would give me a special tutorial a few days ago.
I never thought that he would bring me the information so early.
The workers are repairing the main building of the Northeast Engineering Institute.
We must keep this inmind.
We can put the refrigerator in that place.
We shall not use the washing machine again.
We shall take more measures to prevent corrosion.
The windows of our classroom are cleaned once a week.
My homework was checked two hours ago.
That boy got injured last week and is now taken good care of.
English is spoken in many countries.
The fire was put out by fire fighters.
These cars are made in Britain.
Each year thousands of new books are being printed.
The elders should be taken good care of.
She is often seen by us cleaning the classroom.
She often waters the flowers every morning. 
He invites me to the party. 
The teacher blamed him for his being late yesterday. 
I saw them swimming in the sea. 
We will send him there tomorrow. 
The rabbits will eat the carrots. 
They will finish this project in five years. 
They are going to encourage children to take more exercise. 
The students are going to clean the classroom after school. 
The people of Beijing will plant more trees and build new roads.
They didn¡¯t offer Ann the job.
