My father told me that I should be more careful next time.
She said to her son that she would check his homework that night.
He asked me whether I would go to the station with him to meet a friend of his that afternoon.
She said she was very glad to visit our school.
Tom said that they were listening to the pop music.
Mother asked me whether I had finished my homework before I watched TV.
He asked the conductor where he would get off to change to a No. 3 bus.
The teacher asked why she had refused to go there.
Tom said that they were having a football match that time the day before.
He said that he hadn't heard from his parents those days.
She said he always feels tired.
He always says that he is tired out.
He will say that he will try his best to help me.
He told us that he went to college in 1994.
He said that when he was a child, he usually played football after school.
Our teacher told us that light travels faster than sound.
He said that practice makes perfect.
The doctor said I'd better drink plenty of water.
He said that she must be a teacher.
He said that she ought to have arrived her office by then.
The teacher said we needn't have to hand in our compositions.
She asked if she had to take the medicine.
She said that she wouldn¡¯t go there any more.
He said to us that he had been to the Great Wall.
He told us that he would give us an examination the next Monday.
He explained to us that he was late because of t-he heavy traffic.
The doctor said I was not seriously ill and that I would be better soon.
He asked me whether/if I had any difficulty with my pronunciation.
He asked whether I was interested in English.
He asked me whether I spoke English or French.
I asked him whether he would take bus or take train.
He asked what my name was.
He asked us how many car factories had been built in our country.
He asked us to be seated.
He told me to be careful with my handwriting.
The officer ordered the villagers never to go there again.
The teacher warned the students not to touch anything in the lab without permission.
He suggested our having a rest.
He offered to help me.
He asked me to open the door.
He advised us to go out for a walk.
He suggested we go out for a walk.
She said what a lovely day it was.
She said that it was a lov-ely day.
She said that their bus would arrive in five minutes.
He asked John if he could swim.
My mother asked me whether I ha-d finished the homework.
He asked me if I went to school by bus or by bike.
She asked me when they had their dinner.
She told (ordered) the children not to make any noi-se. "Bring me a cup of tea, please," said she.
She asked him to bring her a cup of tea.
He suggested going to the film.
He suggested that they should go to s-ee the film.
She said he would go to see his friend.
The teacher told me the earth moves around the sun and the moon moves around the earth.
Jack asked John where he was g-oing when he met him in the street.
Xiao Wang said he was born on April 20, 1980.
He said he gets up at six every morning.
Peter said I had better go there that day.
He said those books were his.