He said,"I am very sorry."
"You should be more careful next time," my father told me.
She said to her son, "I'll check your homework tonight."
He asked me, "Will you go to the station with me to meet a friend of mine this afternoon?"
"I am very glad to visit your school", she said.
Tom said, "We are listening to the pop music."
Mother asked, "Have you finished your homework before you watch TV?"
He asked the conductor, "Where shall I get off to change to a No. 3 bus?"
"Why did she refuse to go there?" the teacher asked.
Tom said, "We were having a football match this time yesterday."
He said,"I haven't heard from my parents these days."
She said, "He always feels tired."
He always says, "I am tired out."
He will say, "I'll try my best to help you."
He said, "I went to college in 1994."
He said,"When I was a child, I usually played football after school."
Our teacher said to us, "Light travels faster than sound."
He said,"Practice makes perfect."
The doctor said, "You'd better drink plenty of water."
He said, "She must be a teacher."
He said, "She ought to have arrived her office by now."
The teacher said, "You needn't hand in your compositions today."
She asked, "Must I take the medicine?"
She said, "I won't come here any more."
He said, "I have been to the Great Wall."
He said, "I'll give you an examination next Monday."
He said,"I'm late because of the heavy traffic."
The doctor said, "You are not seriously ill, You will be better soon."
The doctor said I was not seriously ill and that I would be better soon.
He said, "Do you have any difficulty with pronunciation?"
He said, "You are interested in English, aren't you?"
He asked, "Do you speak English or French?"
I asked, "Will you take bus or take train?"
He asked,"What's your name?"
He asked us, "How many car factories have been built in your country?"
He said,"Be seated, please."
"Do be careful with your handwriting." He said.
"Never come here again!" said the officer nearby.
"Don't touch anything in the lab without permission," the teacher said.
He said, "Let's have a rest."
He said, "Let me help you."
"Would you mind opening the door?" he asked.
"Why not going out for a walk?" he asked us.
She said, "What a lovely day it is!"
She said, "Our bus will arrive in five minutes."
"You have finished the homework, haven¡®t you?" my mother asked.
"Do you go to school by bus or by bike?"
She asked me, "When do they have their dinner?"
"Don't make any noise," she said to the children.
He said, "Let's go to the film."
John said, "I'm going to London with my father."
She said,"My brother wants to go with me. "
He said to Kate,"How is your sister now?"
Mr Smith said,"Jack is a good worker."
She said,"I have lost a pen."
She said,"We hope so."
She said,"He will go to see his friend."
"The earth moves around the sun and the moon moves around the earth",the teacher told me.
Jack said,"John, where were you going when I met you in the street?"
Xiao Wang said,"I was born on April 2l, 1980."
He said, "I get up at six every morning."
Peter said,"You had better come have today."
He said, "These books are mine."